Add December meeting notes (#1170)
stellar/stellar-docs: meeting-notes/2024-12-19.mdx

---
title: "2024-12-19"
authors: carstenjacobsen
tags: [developer]
---

<iframe
  src="https://youtu.be/51SitOUZySk"
  width="640"
  height="480"
  allow="autoplay"
></iframe>

> In this meeting SDF Core Software EngineerJay talks about BLS building blocks, and walks through examples and demos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this meeting SDF Core Software Engineer Jay talks about BLS building blocks, and walks through examples and demos.
```
